Create SRS tutorial - Closes #1007 (#1010)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorials/srs.adoc

[source,js]
----
const BASE_RECOVERY_DEPOSIT = '1000000000';
const FRIEND_FACTOR_FEE = 2;
const CREATE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID = 0;
const INITIATE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID = 1;
const VOUCH_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID = 2;
const CLAIM_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID = 3;
const CLOSE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID = 4;
const REMOVE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID = 5;

module.exports = {
  BASE_RECOVERY_DEPOSIT,
  FRIEND_FACTOR_FEE,
  CREATE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID,
  VOUCH_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID,
  CLAIM_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID,
  CLOSE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID,
  INITIATE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID,
  REMOVE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID,
};
----

=== Setting up module and transaction folders

Now, create the corresponding transaction assets for the SRS module.
These transaction assets each define both, the asset schema for the transaction data, and the logic, how this data is applied and stored in the database.

Create a new folder `srs_module/` and inside another new folder `transactions`:

.srs/blockchain_app/
[source,bash]
----
mkdir srs_module
mkdir srs_module/transactions <1>
cd srs_module/transactions/
----

<1> Create a new folder `transactions/` which will contain the files for the transaction assets.

=== createRecovery asset

> Create a new file `create_recovery.js` inside the newly created `transactions/` folder.

Author: added

        lostAccount.srs.status.rescuer = rescuer.address;
        lostAccount.srs.status.created = currentHeight;
        lostAccount.srs.status.deposit = deposit;
        lostAccount.srs.status.vouchList = [];

        // Save lost account values to stateStore
        await stateStore.account.set(lostAccount.address, lostAccount);
    }
}

module.exports = InitiateRecoveryAsset;
----

=== vouchRecovery asset

Create a new file {url_github_srs_vouch_asset}[vouch_recovery.js^] inside the `transactions/` folder.
It will contain the logic for the transaction asset which allows friends to vouch for an account that initiated a recovery.

The following logic is implemented:

* The asset contains:
** the property `lostAccount`, which is the address of the account that is intended to be recovered.
** the property `rescuer`, which is the address of the account that wants to recover the `lostAccount`.
* Check, if the `rescuer` has initiated a recovery for the `lostAccount`.
If not, throw an error.
* Check if the account that vouches for the rescuer is listed under `friends` in the recovery config of the `lostAccount`.
If not, throw an error.
* Check, if the friend has vouched before.

> If so, throw an error.

Author: adjusted the descriptions like you suggested!

		if (lostAccount.srs.config.friends.length === 0) {
			throw Error('Account does not have a recovery configuration.')
		}

		if (lostAccount.srs.status.active) {
			throw Error('There is active recovery in process. Please close the recovery to remove recovery configuration.')
		}

		// Reset all the default values
		lostAccount.srs.config.friends = [];
		lostAccount.srs.config.recoveryThreshold = 0;
		lostAccount.srs.config.delayPeriod = 0;
		lostAccount.srs.config.deposit = BigInt('0');
		lostAccount.srs.status.rescuer = Buffer.from('');
		lostAccount.srs.status.deposit = BigInt('0');
		lostAccount.srs.status.vouchList = [];
		lostAccount.srs.status.created = 0;
		lostAccount.srs.status.active = false;
		await stateStore.account.set(lostAccount.address, lostAccount);
	}
}

module.exports = RemoveRecoveryAsset;
----

[NOTE]
====
Don't forget to update  {url_github_srs_schemas}[schemas.js^] to include the schemas of the new transaction assets.
====

Now that all the transaction assets are implemented, we will create the SRS module which will contain the newly created assets and some additional logic.

== The SRS module

> Inside the srs_module/ folder, create a new file `index.js`.

Author: added

Open `index.js` and create the skeleton which will contain all parts of the SRS module:

=== Module ID and name

> Set the unique identifier for the SRS module to `srs`, and the module ID to `1026`.

Author: isn't it reserved up to `1024`?

> Set the unique identifier for the SRS module to `srs`, and the module ID to `1026`.

Reviewer: @Tschakki I think its 1000 you can look for this constant in sdk `MINIMUM_EXTERNAL_MODULE_ID = 1000;`

    channel.subscribe('srs:createdConfig', async (info) => { <3>

      let duplicate = false;
      for (let i = 0; i < this._accountsWithConfig.length; i++) {
        if (this._accountsWithConfig[i].address.toString('hex') === info.address) { <4>
          duplicate = true;
          return;
        }
      }
      if (!duplicate){
        info.address = Buffer.from(info.address, 'hex'); <5>
        info.friends = info.friends.map(friend => Buffer.from(friend, 'hex'));
        this._accountsWithConfig.push(info);
      }
      await saveConfigAccounts(this._db, this._accountsWithConfig); <6>
    });
    channel.subscribe('srs:removedConfig', async (info) => { <7>
      for (let i = 0; i < this._accountsWithConfig.length; i++) {
        if (this._accountsWithConfig[i].address.toString('hex') === info.address) { <8>
          this._accountsWithConfig.splice(i, 1);
          return;
        }
      }
      await saveConfigAccounts(this._db, this._accountsWithConfig); <9>
    });
  }

  async unload() {
  }
}

module.exports = { SRSDataPlugin };
----

<1> The database instance for the SRS data plugin is stored in the variable `this._db`.

> <2> The accounts with recovery config are retrieved from the database by calling the abbove defined function `getConfigAccounts()` and then stored in the variable `this._accountsWithConfig`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> The accounts with recovery config are retrieved from the database by calling the above defined function `getConfigAccounts()` and then stored in the variable `this._accountsWithConfig`.
```

<3> Next subscribe to the event `srs:createdConfig`, which we implemented before in section <<the-srs-module>>.
<4> If a new config was created, check if `this._accountsWithConfig` already contains this account.
<5> If it doesn't contain the account yet, prepare the account addresses for the database by converting them into Buffers.
Then push the data into the array `this._accountsWithConfig`.
<6> The above defined function `saveConfigAccounts()` is called to save the updated accounts list in the database.
<7> Now listen to a second event `srs:removedConfig`, which we implemented before in section <<the-srs-module>>.

> <8> If the event `srs:removedConfig` is received, check if the respective account is part of the lis `this._accountsWithConfig`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<8> If the event `srs:removedConfig` is received, check if the respective account is part of the list `this._accountsWithConfig`.
```

image:tutorials/srs/04-vouch3.png[]

==== Checking the recovery status
After a few seconds, the transaction should be included in the blockchain.
You can check the updated recovery status on the kbd:[Get Account] page.
The vouch list should display the addresses of the two friend accounts that vouched for the rescuer account.

image:tutorials/srs/06-account-details.png[]

[[node-info]]
Check the current block height of the network on the kbd:[Get Node Info] page.
The delay period is defined as 10 blocks in the recovery config of the account.
That means, after initiating a recovery, the rescuer needs to wait at least 10 blocks, until they can claim the recovery.
At which block height the recovery was initiated can be seen in the recovery status of the original account.

image:tutorials/srs/07-node-info.png[]

==== Claiming the recovery

The rescuer account can then claim the recovery.
Click on kbd:[Claim Recovery] to claim the tokens in the original account.
The address of the original account is pre-filled in the `Lost Account Address` field.

> The `Passphrase` field is pre-filled wiht the pasphrase of the rescuer account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Passphrase` field is pre-filled with the pasphrase of the rescuer account.
```

};

export const sendTransactions = async (tx, action) => {
    return fetch(`http://localhost:8080/api/recovery/${action}`, {
      method: "POST",
      headers: {
        "Content-Type": "application/json",
      },
      body: JSON.stringify(tx),
    })
      .then((res) => res.json())
      .then((res) => res);
  };

export const fetchAccountInfo = async (address) => {
    return fetch(`http://localhost:4000/api/accounts/${address}`)
      .then((res) => res.json())
      .catch((res) => res.data);
};

export const fetchNodeInfo = async () => {
  return fetch("http://localhost:4000/api/node/info")
    .then((res) => res.json())
    .catch((res) => res.data);
};
----

=== Components

For the frontend we define the following components:

* `Home()`: Renders the general landing page of the frontend application.
* `CreateRecovery()`: Renders the page for <<creating-a-recovery-config>>.
* `InitiateRecovery()`: Renders the page for <<initiating-an-account-recovery>>.
* `VouchRecovery()`: Renders the page for <<vouching-for-a-friend>>.
* `ClaimRecovery()`: Renders the page for <<claiming-the-recovery>>.
* `CloseRecovery()`: Renders the page for closing a recovery.

> * `RemoveRecovery()`: Renders the page for removing a previously created recovery configuration.

Reviewer: Links to the file is missing

import { fetchRecoveryConfigs } from '../api';
import RecoveryConfig from "./recoveryConfig";

const useStyles = makeStyles((theme) => ({
  root: {
    flexGrow: 1,
  },
  paper: {
    padding: theme.spacing(2),
    textAlign: 'center',
    color: theme.palette.text.primary,
  },
}));

export default function GetRecoveryConfigs () {
  const classes = useStyles();
  const [data, setData] = useState({
    result: []
  });

  useEffect(() => {
    async function getRecoveryConfigs() {
      const result = await fetchRecoveryConfigs();
      if ( result.length > 0 ) {
        setData({ result });
      }
    }
    getRecoveryConfigs()
  }, [])

  return (
    <Container component="main" className={classes.paper}>
      <CssBaseline />
      <div className={classes.root}>
        { data.result.length > 0
          ?
        <Grid container spacing={3}>
          {  data.result.map((config) => (
            <Grid item xs={12}>
              <RecoveryConfig item={config} key={config.address} />
            </Grid>
          )) }
        </Grid>
          : <p>No recoverable accounts found</p> }
      </div>
    </Container>
  );
}
----

== Summary

That's it!

> You should now have a complete blockchain application running which allows users to recover their accounts in case they lost heir credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should now have a complete blockchain application running which allows users to recover their accounts in case they lost their credentials.
```

It consists of the following components:

* a blockchain application with:
** a custom module for a social account recovery system.
** a custom plugin which provides a list of all accounts with created recovery configuration.

> ** a custom plugin which provides additional HTTP API endpoints to convenienntly create and post different transaction types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** a custom plugin which provides additional HTTP API endpoints to conveniently create and post different transaction types.
```

* a frontend application which allows you to use and test the applications in the browser.

=== Optional exercises

> Feel free to play around with the code example by changing/adjusting certain options, or bby extending the application in your own way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to play around with the code example by changing/adjusting certain options, or by extending the application in your own way.
```

The following exercises might be interesting to get more familiar with the Lisk SDK.

==== Implement HTTP API endpoint as plugin actions

The `SRSAPIplugin` provides a lot of useful functions for creating and posting the different transaction objects to the blockchain application.
These functions could be created as actions inside of the plugin alternatively.
The frontend can then invoke the different actions analog to the function `fetchRecoveryConfigs()` which we defined in the <<api-related-functions>>.
`fetchRecoveryConfigs()` invokes the action `SRSData:getAllRecoveryConfigs` to receive a list of all account with recovery configurations.

Try to re-implement the different HTTP API endpoints as actions in <<the-srs-api-plugin>>, and invoke those actions in the frontend to create and send the different transaction types.

==== Notify an account owner, if an account recovery for their account has been initialized

In section <<lifecycle-hooks>>, we defined that the event `srs:recoveryInitiated` is published for every incoming "initiate recovery" transaction.

Try use this event to warn an account owner, that a recovery has been initiated for their account.

> This can prevent that someone else can initiate a recovery in order to steal the tokens of the account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The original account would get warned in case this happens, and if it wasn't themselves who initiated the recovery, they can quickly close the recovery process before the delay period is passed and before the needed amount of vouches was reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The original account will get warned in case someone malicious starts recovery on their account to steal their funds, and if it wasn't themselves who initiated the recovery, then they can quickly close the recovery process before the delay period is passed and the set threshold number of friends already vouched for it.
```

app
	.run()
	.then(() => app.logger.info('App started...'))
	.catch(error => {
		console.error('Faced error in application', error);
		process.exit(1);
	});
----

This code snippet creates a default blockchain application, which is configured for development purposes.
Use this app as basis for the SRS app and extend it with a module and a plugin in the next steps, to suit the desired use case.

At this point it is already possile to start the blockchain application by running `node index.js` in the terminal.
To verify the successful start of the application, observe the logs in the terminal for possible errors.
If everything is correct, the application will start to add new blocks to the chain every 10 seconds after the initial start.

== Transaction assets

Users shall have the ability to:

[start=0]
. Create recovery configs for their account.
. Initiate a recovery for an account which has a recovery config.
. Vouch for a rescuer account, if certain conditions are met.
. Claim a recovery, if certain conditions are met.
. Cancel a recovery, for example if they found their passphrase from the old account again.

> . Remove a recovery config again from the account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Remove a recovery config from the account.
```

|CREATE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID
|0
|Asset ID for the `CreateRecoveryAsset`

|INITIATE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID
|1
|Asset ID for the `InitiateRecoveryAsset`

|VOUCH_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID
|2
|Asset ID for the `VouchRecoveryAsset`

|CLAIM_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID
|3
|Asset ID for the `ClaimRecoveryAsset`

|CLOSE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID
|4
|Asset ID for the `CloseRecoveryAsset`

|REMOVE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID
|5
|Asset ID for the `RemoveRecoveryAsset`
|===

Create a new file `constants.js` and paste the following contents:

[source,js]
----
const BASE_RECOVERY_DEPOSIT = '1000000000';
const FRIEND_FACTOR_FEE = 2;
const CREATE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID = 0;
const INITIATE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID = 1;
const VOUCH_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID = 2;
const CLAIM_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID = 3;
const CLOSE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID = 4;
const REMOVE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID = 5;

module.exports = {
  BASE_RECOVERY_DEPOSIT,
  FRIEND_FACTOR_FEE,
  CREATE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID,
  VOUCH_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID,
  CLAIM_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID,
  CLOSE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID,
  INITIATE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID,
  REMOVE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID,
};
----

=== Setting up module and transaction folders

Now, create the corresponding transaction assets for the SRS module.

> These transaction assets each define both, the asset schema for the transaction data, and the logic, how this data is applied and stored in the database.

Author: ```suggestion
These transaction assets each define both, the asset schema for the transaction data, and the logic how this data is applied and stored in the database.
```

----

<1> Extend from the base asset to implement a custom asset.
<2> Export the asset, so it can be imported later into the custom module.

Now all required properties for the transaction asset are defined one after another.

==== Asset ID and name
.srs/blockchain_app/srs_module/transactions/create_recovery.js
[source,js]
----
const { BaseAsset } = require("lisk-sdk");
const { CREATE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID } = require('../constants');

// extend base asset to implement your custom asset
class CreateRecoveryAsset extends BaseAsset {
  // define unique asset name and id
  name = "createRecovery"; <1>
  id = CREATE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID; <2>
}

module.exports = CreateRecoveryAsset;
----

<1> Set the asset name to `"createRecovery"`.
<2> Set the asset ID to `CREATE_RECOVERY_ASSET_ID`(=0) from the `constants.js` file.

==== Asset schema

The asset schema describes the required datatypes and the structure of the data in the respective transaction asset.

TIP: For more information how schemas are used in the application, check out the xref:{url_references_schemas}[] reference.

For creating a recovery configuration, the following information is required:

> * `friends`: A list of trusted adresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `friends`: A list of trusted addresses.
```

		lostAccount.srs.status.rescuer = Buffer.from('');
		lostAccount.srs.status.deposit = BigInt('0');
		lostAccount.srs.status.vouchList = [];
		lostAccount.srs.status.created = 0;
		lostAccount.srs.status.active = false;
		await stateStore.account.set(lostAccount.address, lostAccount);
	}
}

module.exports = RemoveRecoveryAsset;
----

[NOTE]
====
Don't forget to update  {url_github_srs_schemas}[schemas.js^] to include the schemas of the new transaction assets.
====

Now that all the transaction assets are implemented, we will create the SRS module which will contain the newly created assets and some additional logic.

== The SRS module

Inside the srs_module/ folder, create a new file {url_github_srs_module}[index.js^].

Open `index.js` and create the skeleton which will contain all parts of the SRS module:

=== Module ID and name

Set the unique identifier for the SRS module to `srs`, and the module ID to `1026`.

[source,js]
----
const { BaseModule } = require('lisk-sdk');

// Extend from the base module to implement a custom module
class SRSModule extends BaseModule {
  name = 'srs';
  id = 1026;
}

module.exports = { SRSModule };
----

=== The account schema

> Open the in section <<asset-schema>> created `schemas.js` file again, and add the account schema for the SRS module:

Author: ```suggestion
Open the `schemas.js` file again which was created in section <<asset-schema>>, and add the account schema for the SRS module:
```

In this example: `CreateRecoveryAsset`, `InitiateRecoveryAsset`, `VouchRecoveryAsset`, `ClaimRecoveryAsset`, `CloseRecoveryAsset`, and `RemoveRecoveryAsset`.
====

.srs/blockchain_app/srs_module/index.js
[source,js]
----
const { BaseModule } = require('lisk-sdk');
const CreateRecoveryAsset = require('./assets/create_recovery');
const ClaimRecoveryAsset = require('./assets/claim_recovery');
const InitiateRecoveryAsset = require('./assets/initiate_recovery');
const VouchRecoveryAsset = require('./assets/vouch_recovery');
const CloseRecoveryAsset = require('./assets/close_recovery');
const RemoveRecoveryAsset = require('./assets/remove_recovery');
const { SRSAccountSchema } = require('./schemas');

// Extend from the base module to implement a custom module
class SRSModule extends BaseModule {
  name = 'srs';
  id = 1026;
  accountSchema = SRSAccountSchema;

  transactionAssets = [
    new CreateRecoveryAsset(),
    new InitiateRecoveryAsset(),
    new VouchRecoveryAsset(),
    new ClaimRecoveryAsset(),
    new CloseRecoveryAsset(),
    new RemoveRecoveryAsset(),
  ];
}

module.exports = { SRSModule };
----

=== Events

> Define the events which are available part of this module.

Author: ```suggestion
```

* `configRemoved`
* `recoveryInitiated`

.srs/blockchain_app/srs_module/index.js
[source,js]
----
const { BaseModule } = require('lisk-sdk');
const CreateRecoveryAsset = require('./assets/create_recovery');
const ClaimRecoveryAsset = require('./assets/claim_recovery');
const InitiateRecoveryAsset = require('./assets/initiate_recovery');
const VouchRecoveryAsset = require('./assets/vouch_recovery');
const CloseRecoveryAsset = require('./assets/close_recovery');
const RemoveRecoveryAsset = require('./assets/remove_recovery');
const { SRSAccountSchema } = require('./schemas');

// Extend from the base module to implement a custom module
class SRSModule extends BaseModule {
  name = 'srs';
  id = 1026;
  accountSchema = SRSAccountSchema;

  transactionAssets = [
    new CreateRecoveryAsset(),
    new InitiateRecoveryAsset(),
    new VouchRecoveryAsset(),
    new ClaimRecoveryAsset(),
    new CloseRecoveryAsset(),
    new RemoveRecoveryAsset(),
  ];

  events = ['configCreated','configRemoved','recoveryInitiated'];
}

module.exports = { SRSModule };
----

=== Lifecycle hooks

Use the life cycle hooks of the module to publish the events we just created in the <<events>> section.

> The hook `afterTransactionApply()` which is used here is executed each time after a transaction is applied on the blockchain.

Author: ```suggestion
The hook `afterTransactionApply()` is used here.
It is executed each time after a transaction is applied on the blockchain.
```

.Tokens of the original account have been transferred to the rescuer account
image:tutorials/srs/09-account-rescuer.png[]

That’s it, the frontend walkabout in the browser is now complete.

Next let’s take a dive into the most important parts of the frontend app, regarding the blockchain related logic.

=== API related functions

Multiple API-related functions are defined that fetch and post data from and to the blockchain application.

We will make use of the following APIs that are provided by the blockchain application:

* `http://localhost:4000/api/` : The HTTP API of the HTTPAPIPlugin.
Used to retrieve general blockchain information from the database.
* `http://localhost:8080/api/` : The HTTP API of the SRSAPIPlugin.
Used to post transactions to the blockchain application.
* `ws://localhost:8888/ws` : The WebSocket API of the blockchain application.
Used to invoke actions in the blockchain application.

The following functions are defined:

* Fetching blockchain data
** `fetchAccountInfo(address)`: Returns all account details for a given account address from the database.

> ** `fetchNodeInfo()`: Returns various information about the node of the blockchain application, like for example the current block height.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** `fetchNodeInfo()`: Returns various information about the node of the blockchain application, for example, the current block height.
```

[[api]]
.srs/frontent_app/src/api/index.js
[source,js]
----
import { apiClient } from '@liskhq/lisk-client';

const RPC_ENDPOINT = 'ws://localhost:8888/ws';

let clientCache;

export const getClient = async () => {
  if (!clientCache) {
    clientCache = await apiClient.createWSClient(RPC_ENDPOINT);
  }
  return clientCache;
};

export const fetchRecoveryConfigs = async () => {
  const client = await getClient();
  return client.invoke('SRSData:getAllRecoveryConfigs');
};

export const sendTransactions = async (tx, action) => {
    return fetch(`http://localhost:8080/api/recovery/${action}`, {
      method: "POST",
      headers: {
        "Content-Type": "application/json",
      },
      body: JSON.stringify(tx),
    })
      .then((res) => res.json())
      .then((res) => res);
  };

export const fetchAccountInfo = async (address) => {
    return fetch(`http://localhost:4000/api/accounts/${address}`)
      .then((res) => res.json())
      .catch((res) => res.data);
};

export const fetchNodeInfo = async () => {
  return fetch("http://localhost:4000/api/node/info")
    .then((res) => res.json())
    .catch((res) => res.data);
};
----

=== Components

> For the frontend we define the following components:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the frontend the following components are defined:
```

* {url_github_srs_component_home}[Home()^]: Renders the general landing page of the frontend application.
* {url_github_srs_component_create}[CreateRecovery()^]: Renders the page for <<creating-a-recovery-config>>.
* {url_github_srs_component_initiate}[InitiateRecovery()^]: Renders the page for <<initiating-an-account-recovery>>.
* {url_github_srs_component_vouch}[VouchRecovery()^]: Renders the page for <<vouching-for-a-friend>>.
* {url_github_srs_component_claim}[ClaimRecovery()^]: Renders the page for <<claiming-the-recovery>>.
* {url_github_srs_component_close}[CloseRecovery()^]: Renders the page for closing a recovery.
* {url_github_srs_component_remove}[RemoveRecovery()^]: Renders the page for removing a previously created recovery configuration.
* {url_github_srs_component_account}[GetAccount()^]: Renders the page for the <<checking-the-recovery-status,account details>>.
* {url_github_srs_component_node}[GetNodeInfo()^]: Displays the current <<node-info,node information>>.
* {url_github_srs_component_recoveryconfigs}[GetRecoveryConfigs()^]: Displays a list of all accounts with recovery configurations.

> * {url_github_srs_component_sidemenu}[SideMenu()^]: Renders the side navigation which allows to switch between the different pages of the frontend application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* {url_github_srs_component_sidemenu}[SideMenu()^]: Renders the side navigation which allows the user to switch between the different pages of the frontend application.
```

* {url_github_srs_component_manager}[RecoveryManager()^]: Manages the routing of the different components of the frontend application.

The code examples for the `CreateRecovery` and `GetRecoveryConfigs` are explained in detail below.
If you are curious, how the other components of the frontent app are implemented, please look directly at the example code.

> Most logic of the other components is implemented analog to the below presented examples.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most logic of the other components is implemented analog to the presented examples below:
```

==== CreateRecovery component

The `CreateRecovery` component shall allow the user to create a recovery configuration for their account.

> To achieve this, we need the following information:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To achieve this, the following information below is required:
```

Author: ```suggestion
To achieve this, the following information is required:
```

> . a list of trusted friends

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. A list of trusted friends.
```

> . the desired delay period

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. The desired delay period.
```

> . the desired recovery threshold

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. The desired recovery threshold.
```

> . the passphrase of the account, to sign the transaction

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. The passphrase of the account, to sign the transaction.
```

                id="threshold"
                onChange={handleChange}
                defaultValue={createRecoveryDefaults.recoveryThreshold}
              />
            </Grid>
            <Grid item xs={12}>
              <TextField
                variant="outlined"
                required
                fullWidth
                name="passphrase"
                label="Passphrase"
                id="passphrase"
                type="password"
                onChange={handleChange}
                defaultValue={createRecoveryDefaults.passphrase}
              />
            </Grid>
          <Button
            onClick={handleSend}
            fullWidth
            variant="contained"
            color="primary"
          >
            Create Recovery Config
          </Button>
          </Grid>
        </form>
        <Snackbar open={open} autoHideDuration={10000} onClose={handleClose}>
            <Alert onClose={handleClose} severity={data.severity}>
                <label id='msg'>{data.msg}</label>
            </Alert>
        </Snackbar>
      </div>
      <Box mt={5}>
        <Footer />
      </Box>
    </Container>
  );
}
----

==== GetRecoveryConfigs component

> The `GetRecoveryConfigs` component shall display a complete list of all account that created a recovery configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `GetRecoveryConfigs` component shall display a complete list of all accounts that created a recovery configuration.
```

> To achieve this, we use the function `fetchRecoveryConfigs()` from the <<api-related-functions>> to fetch all account with recovery configuration from the blockchain application.

Author: ```suggestion
To achieve this, the function `fetchRecoveryConfigs()` from the <<api-related-functions>> is used to fetch all accounts with recovery configuration from the blockchain application.
```

import { fetchRecoveryConfigs } from '../api';
import RecoveryConfig from "./recoveryConfig";

const useStyles = makeStyles((theme) => ({
  root: {
    flexGrow: 1,
  },
  paper: {
    padding: theme.spacing(2),
    textAlign: 'center',
    color: theme.palette.text.primary,
  },
}));

export default function GetRecoveryConfigs () {
  const classes = useStyles();
  const [data, setData] = useState({
    result: []
  });

  useEffect(() => {
    async function getRecoveryConfigs() {
      const result = await fetchRecoveryConfigs();
      if ( result.length > 0 ) {
        setData({ result });
      }
    }
    getRecoveryConfigs()
  }, [])

  return (
    <Container component="main" className={classes.paper}>
      <CssBaseline />
      <div className={classes.root}>
        { data.result.length > 0
          ?
        <Grid container spacing={3}>
          {  data.result.map((config) => (
            <Grid item xs={12}>
              <RecoveryConfig item={config} key={config.address} />
            </Grid>
          )) }
        </Grid>
          : <p>No recoverable accounts found</p> }
      </div>
    </Container>
  );
}
----

== Summary

That's it!

> You should now have a complete blockchain application running which allows users to recover their accounts in case they lost their credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should now have a complete blockchain application running which allows users to recover their accounts in the case whereby they have lost their credentials.
```

It consists of the following components:

* a blockchain application with:
** a custom module for a social account recovery system.
** a custom plugin which provides a list of all accounts with created recovery configuration.
** a custom plugin which provides additional HTTP API endpoints to conveniently create and post different transaction types.
* a frontend application which allows you to use and test the applications in the browser.

=== Optional exercises

Feel free to play around with the code example by changing/adjusting certain options, or by extending the application in your own way.

> The following exercises might be interesting to get more familiar with the Lisk SDK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following exercises below might be interesting in order to assist the user in becoming more familiar with the Lisk SDK.
```

==== Implement HTTP API endpoint as plugin actions

The `SRSAPIplugin` provides a lot of useful functions for creating and posting the different transaction objects to the blockchain application.
These functions could be created as actions inside of the plugin alternatively.
The frontend can then invoke the different actions analog to the function `fetchRecoveryConfigs()` which we defined in the <<api-related-functions>>.
`fetchRecoveryConfigs()` invokes the action `SRSData:getAllRecoveryConfigs` to receive a list of all account with recovery configurations.

Try to re-implement the different HTTP API endpoints as actions in <<the-srs-api-plugin>>, and invoke those actions in the frontend to create and send the different transaction types.

==== Notify an account owner, if an account recovery for their account has been initialized

In section <<lifecycle-hooks>>, we defined that the event `srs:recoveryInitiated` is published for every incoming "initiate recovery" transaction.

Try use this event to warn an account owner, that a recovery has been initiated for their account.

> The original account will get warned in case someone malicious starts recovery on their account to steal their funds, and if it wasn't themselves who initiated the recovery, then they can quickly close the recovery process before the delay period is passed and the set threshold number of friends already vouched for it.

Author: ```suggestion
The original account holder will be warned in case someone malicious starts a recovery on their account to steal their funds, and if it was a malicious actor who initiated the recovery, then the user can quickly close the recovery process before the delay period is passed and the set threshold number of friends already vouched for it.
```

<3> Next subscribe to the event `srs:createdConfig`, which was previously implemented in the section <<the-srs-module>>.
<4> If a new config was created, check if `this._accountsWithConfig` already contains this account.
<5> If it doesn't contain the account yet, prepare the account addresses for the database by converting them into Buffers.
Then push the data into the array `this._accountsWithConfig`.
<6> The above defined function `saveConfigAccounts()` is called to save the updated accounts list in the database.
<7> Now listen to a second event `srs:removedConfig`, which was previously implemented in the section <<the-srs-module>>.
<8> If the event `srs:removedConfig` is received, check if the respective account is part of the list `this._accountsWithConfig`.
If it is found, the account will be removed from the list.
<9> The above defined function `saveConfigAccounts()` is called to save the updated accounts list in the database.

=== Create an action to get all accounts with recovery configs

> To make the plugin data available to the public, create a new action that returns a list of all accounts with recovery confguration.

Author: ```suggestion
To make the plugin data available to the public, create a new action that returns a list of all accounts with recovery configuration.
```
